README.md, before:

# sample-capybara-test

## Prerequisites

You will need the following installed on your machine:

1. [Firefox](http://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)
2. [Git](http://git-scm.com/)
3. Ruby 2.1.2

## Setup

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:rainforestapp/sample-capybara-test.git
cd sample-capybara-test
```

You must use the version or Ruby specified in the `.rvmrc` file. You can check what you have by running ``ruby -v``. If you have [rvm](https://rvm.io/) already installed, you can simply run:

```bash
source ./.rvmrc
```

Then, you must install the dependencies:

```bash
gem install bundler
bundle install
```

## Running the tests

You can then run the tests using the following command:

```bash
bundle exec rainforest_test test_case.rb
```

This MUST work. If we cannot run your spec in this way, we won't consider the contract complete and you will not get paid. Your test does not need to be named `test_case.rb`, but it needs to be in a single file.

## Writing the spec

### Style Guide

While writing code, please use the following guidelines.

#### Avoid using `sleep` whenever possible. 

Capybara usually sleeps automatically until an element is found.

#### Indentation

Indentation must be 2 spaces. Do NOT use tabs.

#### Avoid changing the template as much as possible

Try to limit your changes to the block of the `step` method. You can put code outside of it if needed, for instance to share state across multiple steps. However, we'd like most of the logic of the step to be encapsulated within the step.

### Interpolated values

While reading the step instructions, it's possible you see something like `{{ random.number }}` or ``{{ randome.email }}``. These values are interpolated values. Although we'll build native support for those in the runtime, for now, just replace them with something sane and in the spirit of what they should be. 

For instance, `{{ random.email }}` could be something like:

```ruby
    "test+#{test_id}+{Time.now.to_i}@examle.org"
```

## Starting a new test

If you automate multiple tests for us, make sure you always work from the latest version of this repository.

To get the latest version, use the following commands:

```bash
git pull origin master
bundle install
```

## Help!

If you find a bug with this, please email [qe@rainforestqa.com](mailto:qu@rainforestqa.com)

Commit message:

Updated run time and documented the timeout

README.md, after:

# sample-capybara-test

## Prerequisites

You will need the following installed on your machine:

1. [Firefox](http://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)
2. [Git](http://git-scm.com/)
3. Ruby 2.1.2

## Setup

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:rainforestapp/sample-capybara-test.git
cd sample-capybara-test
```

You must use the version or Ruby specified in the `.rvmrc` file. You can check what you have by running ``ruby -v``. If you have [rvm](https://rvm.io/) already installed, you can simply run:

```bash
source ./.rvmrc
```

Then, you must install the dependencies:

```bash
gem install bundler
bundle install
```

## Running the tests

You can then run the tests using the following command:

```bash
bundle exec rainforest_test test_case.rb
```

This MUST work. If we cannot run your spec in this way, we won't consider the contract complete and you will not get paid. Your test does not need to be named `test_case.rb`, but it needs to be in a single file.

## Writing the spec

### Style Guide

While writing code, please use the following guidelines.

#### Avoid using `sleep` whenever possible. 

Capybara usually sleeps automatically until an element is found.

#### Indentation

Indentation must be 2 spaces. Do NOT use tabs.

#### Avoid changing the template as much as possible

Try to limit your changes to the block of the `step` method. You can put code outside of it if needed, for instance to share state across multiple steps. However, we'd like most of the logic of the step to be encapsulated within the step.

### Interpolated values

While reading the step instructions, it's possible you see something like `{{ random.number }}` or ``{{ randome.email }}``. These values are interpolated values. Although we'll build native support for those in the runtime, for now, just replace them with something sane and in the spirit of what they should be. 

For instance, `{{ random.email }}` could be something like:

```ruby
    "test+#{test_id}+{Time.now.to_i}@examle.org"
```

## Starting a new test

If you automate multiple tests for us, make sure you always work from the latest version of this repository.

To get the latest version, use the following commands:

```bash
git pull origin master
bundle install
```

## Advance features

### Timeouts

By default, we have configured Capybara to timeout after 20 seconds. This can be a little long and annoying while developing. This value is configurable through an environment variable.

```bash
CAPYBARA_WAIT_TIME=1 bundle exec rainforest_test test_case.rb
```

## Help!

If you find a bug with this, please email [qe@rainforestqa.com](mailto:qu@rainforestqa.com)
